clarify that persistent congestion is a contigous loss across all PN spaces (#3940)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-recovery.md

## Persistent Congestion {#persistent-congestion}

When an ACK frame is received that establishes loss of all in-flight packets
sent over a long enough period of time across all the packet number spaces, the

> network is considered to be experiencing persistent congestion.  Commonly, this
> can be established by consecutive PTOs, but since the PTO timer is reset when a
> new ack-eliciting packet is sent, an explicit duration must be used to account
> for those cases where PTOs do not occur or are substantially delayed. The

Reviewer: This business about establishing PC using PTO is really confusing and I would remove this sentence.

```suggestion
network is considered to be experiencing persistent congestion.  The
```

Author: I'm not the editor, but I think I agree. The rationale for choosing 3 as the multiplier is explained below. That's sufficient.

> rationale for this threshold is to enable a sender to use initial PTOs for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rationale for this threshold is to allow a sender to initially use PTOs for
```
